# Cost of 5 a Day the Color Way 

### Overview:

Colorful fruits and vegetables provide the wide range of vitamins, minerals, and phytochemicals your body needs to maintain good health and energy levels. For this reason it is recommended that we consume five to eight servings of fruits and vegetables of different colors daily. In the early 2000, several health departments used the slogan '5 a Day the Color Way' to promote the need of eating at least five servings of fruits/vegetables of various colors every day. Fruits and vegetables, based on their color,  are usually classified in five groups - Red, Green, Yellow/Orange, Blue/Purple, and While/tan/brow.  

Many people indicate that it is expensive to achieve the '5 a Day the Color Way' goal. This project will be used to generate the top __ lowest cost combinations of achieving this goal. This will be done by using any form of fruits/vegetables - fresh, canned or frozen - and for each individual type. The goal is to compare the cost to determine the cheapest options. I will also compare the ocst of fresh fruits and vegetables in 2020 and 2022.


---

### Data Source

The project uses the following three files: 

1. **Fruit_Prices_2020 and Fruit_Prices_2022**: Pull from USDA Economic Reserch web site: https://www.ers.usda.gov/data-products/fruit-and-vegetable-prices.
2. **Vegetable_Prices_2020 and Vegetable_Prices_2022**: Pull from USDA Economic Reserch web site: https://www.ers.usda.gov/data-products/fruit-and-vegetable-prices.
3. **Fruit_and_Veggie_Color_List**: Contains a list of fruits and vegetables, classified by color.
    Note: This file was manually generated by copying and pasting from a couple of web pages, after startings attemps to scrape the information and obtaining response - 403.

---

